OSDOCS-20040-2: Adds PlanPolicy to RHCL (#114514)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ref-rhcl-planpolicy-known-limitations.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *deployment/rhcl-planpolicy.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ref-rhcl-planpolicy-known-limitations_{context}"]
= Known limitations

[role="_abstract"]

> * A `PlanPolicy` object can only target HTTPRoutes, GRPCRoutes, and Gateways defined in the same namespace as the `PlanPolicy` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A `PlanPolicy` object can only target `HTTPRoute`, `GRPCRoute`, and `Gateway` custom resources (CR) defined in the same namespace as the `PlanPolicy` object.
```
This content should go in the Overview module. Doesn't need to be a reference module. Users should know these things at the start?
